docs: clarify padding guidance in developer docs (#2468)
graycoreio/daffodil: docs/styles.md

## Child Component outer Padding/Margin

> It's important for child components to not define their own outer padding or margin. This is to make sure that the component can be reused in different parts of an app. Instead, the padding and margin between child components should be defined by the parent component. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's important for individual components to not define their own outer spacing. Components that define their own outer spacing are limited to specific use cases, making it difficult for them to be reusable without overriding their styles with additional CSS. Instead, spacing between components should be handled by the wrapping parent element via the `margin`, `padding`, `gap` or `grid-gap` properties.
```

> Keeping child components modular ensures that they can be used in different contexts. By having the parent component define the spacing between its child components, you can ensure that the child components will maintain their intended layout regardless of where they are used. This can also help to reduce the amount of CSS code needed to style the child components, making your code more efficient and easier to maintain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Keeping components modular ensures that they are flexible and extensible. By allowing the parent element to control the spacing for inner elements, individual components will maintain their intended layout regardless of where they are used. This allows for the codebase to be maintained and updated more easily.
```

> Here's an example of how you might structure the HTML and CSS for a parent component and its child components:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Example
```

``` html 

> <div class="parent-component">

Reviewer: ```
<div class="wrapper">
  <div class="component">
    <h3>Title</h3>
    <p>Description</p>
  </div>
  <div class="component">
    <h3>Title</h3>
    <p>Description</p>
  </div>
  <div class="component">
    <h3>Title</h3>
    <p>Description</p>
  </div>
</div>

```

  <div class="child-component">
    <h3>Child Component 1</h3>
    <p>This is some text for Child Component 1.</p>
  </div>
  <div class="child-component">
    <h3>Child Component 2</h3>
    <p>This is some text for Child Component 2.</p>
  </div>
  <div class="child-component">
    <h3>Child Component 3</h3>
    <p>This is some text for Child Component 3.</p>
  </div>
</div>

```

``` CSS

> .parent-component {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.wrapper {
```

  display: flex;
  flex-direction: column;
  align-items: center;
  justify-content: center;

>   padding: 20px;

Reviewer: remove padding and margin, add

`gap: 16px;`

  margin: 10px;
  background-color: #f5f5f5;
}

> .child-component {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.component {
```

  display: flex;
  flex-direction: column;
  align-items: center;
  justify-content: center;
  background-color: #fff;
  padding: 20px;

>   margin-bottom: 10px;

Reviewer: remove `margin-bottom`

this style is doing what the doc is saying what not to do.

  box-shadow: 0px 0px 10px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.1);
}
.child-component h3 {
  font-size: 24px;
  margin-bottom: 10px;
}
.child-component p {
  font-size: 16px;
  line-height: 1.5;
}

```

> In this example, the parent component defines the padding and margin for all of its child components. Each child component only defines its own internal padding and margin. This allows the child components to be reused in other parts of the app without having to worry about their outer spacing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, the wrapper element sets the gaps between the rows and columns of the components in a flex layout. The inner component defines its own internal padding.
```
